capital = 231 #Tbilisi

oob = "ZSR_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_party_name = {
	ideology = communism
	long_name = ZSR_communist_party_of_transcaucasia_long
	name = ZSR_communist_party_of_transcaucasia
}

add_ideas = {
	ZSR_decrepit_industry
	ZSR_old_school
	ZSR_the_conflict_of_peoples_in_the_party
	ZSR_armenian_nationalism
	ZSR_azerbaijani_nationalism
	SR_soviet_republic
}

recruit_character = ZSR_lavrenti_beria
recruit_character = ZSR_bagramyan_ivan
recruit_character = ZSR_babajanyan_khachaturovich
recruit_character = ZSR_varlam_kakuchaya
recruit_character = ZSR_konstantin_leselidze
recruit_character = ZSR_porfiry_chanchibadze
recruit_character = ZSR_dmitry_namgaladze
recruit_character = ZSR_vasily_stalin
recruit_character = ZSR_salahadd_kazimov
recruit_character = ZSR_mikhail_parsegov
recruit_character = ZSR_christopher_alaverdov
recruit_character = ZSR_hazi_aslanov
recruit_character = ZSR_bagrad_arushanyan
recruit_character = ZSR_sergey_goglidze
recruit_character = ZSR_artavazd_sahakyants
recruit_character = ZSR_aziz_mammad_aliyev
recruit_character = ZSR_askanaz_mravyan
recruit_character = ZSR_george_sturua
recruit_character = ZSR_supreme_soviet

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
        
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	communism = 75
}

#couldnt find anything else, the commies simply forced everyone else into exile
